um I was gonna say I I just wanted to
address something attached really
quickly well I was thinking about it - I
don't know how careful you are talking
about this but I thought it was really
cool that you talked about the csgo win
from cloud 9 at major this past weekend
I think a lot of people you know they're
I there's a lot of people outside was a
legal legends fan base in eSports that I
think it feels as though right is is
super competitive and I very much
disagree with this but like out to get
other eSports and so I think it was
probably surprising for a lot of people
who who saw like a call out to an event
that's happening on another stream at
that moment do you I'm just kind of
curious if you have a backstory behind
how that happened and I saw I think mark
was the one that tweeted that all the
analysts at a desk was also watching the
csgo major while that was happening so
any any kind of backstory I think it's
kind of fun to hear about that I mean I
think the backstory well so first I'll
just the point which is like the kind of
the guy would right time to write yeah
is that we're cautious company and I
think that that's I don't think that the
adrenaline
the opinion of people is necessarily
unfair I do think we're more cautious
company than others in some cases in
terms of like how and where do we engage
with certain conversations but whenever
I'm in a meeting or a conversation at
riot when it comes to eSports and
talking to eSports leadership and what
you know the direction of eSports and
what is a what is a good you know a good
image or picture of eSports in the
future it involves more than just us a
healthy eSports landscape is not just
League of Legends if it's just us then
something's gone terribly terribly wrong
and so um absolutely when once eSports
exceeds so do we
but with that our caution like that that
idea of being cautionary that's where we
ask ourselves is it relevant to the
moment and so the backstory there is as
an example if a hundred thieves had had
one we weren't gonna make that
announcement there because it was it
didn't feel proper to come out of a c9
lost to a hundred thieves and
immediately say hey
I know how to teaches one but like let's
talk about the c9 csgo team in this
Camino if it was an org that was North
American but wasn't in leak we also
probably would not have made a mention
of it right because it doesn't
necessarily pertain to our viewers and
that's our biggest responsibility is to
our viewers before everyone else and so
again because a few things lined up and
were happily married and that it was c9
it was the first and a team winning a
major and you know it's like that's a
big story and it was coming off of their
game it ended up being a no-brainer so I
think it was ultimately an easier
decision then maybe the community
thought it was for us to make but we
were like why the hell not would we sell
for one of our orgs you know doing this
following the c9 game and yes we were
100% watching on marks phone actually on
the analyst desk we had the the game up
on the monitors like on the big monitors
and Mark and I were hunched over the
desk just staring at his phone watching
that overtime and we were losing our
yeah like literally screaming like
when they tied up the first OT and so
nuts yeah no no it's such a good series
what's interesting and this doesn't
really have any relevance what we were
just talking about was I was checking
like the viewership between the two
games as this fluctuated and it's cool
that like there are fans of both games
so like you know obviously that is one
of the biggest things going on in the
csgo calendar year they had like a
million people on the channel and we
were at I think around 160 when that was
going on and then immediately after the
major ended they dropped down to like
400,000 if people like watching kind of
like the analyst desk wrap up and stuff
and we went up to around 190 it was just
like you know 30,000 people stopped
watching the csgo major moved over to
this it's like eSports fans are fans of
multiple games and so like you can kind
of service both Riot viewers and
understand that they're probably
watching other stuff too yeah that's
cool